# Data Analysis Projects - freeCodeCamp 
A collection of data analysis projects using Python from freeCodeCamp's Data Analysis with Python Certification.
All files and relevant data can be found in the respective folders.
The first project is a mean-variance-standard deviation calculator which takes input from a list of numbers. The list for example, could be a list which has the annual rates of return on a variety of stocks in a portfolio.
The second project analyzes demographic data to provide insights on socioeconomic conditions in a variety of countries by calculating variables such as ethnicity, education, and employment statistics. For example, the percentage of individuals in a given country that earn more than $50K annually. 
The third project visualizes medical data through a catplot and heatmap. Values are standardized to see the correlations of different variables such as cholesterol and glucose levels, which provides insights on patient health and risk and how some conditions can inevitably lead to others without being treated.
The fourth project visualizes time series data from a website's page views using a line plot, box plot, and bar plot. This provides detailed insights on the website's web traffic and allows us to analyze things such as growth and view trends over the time periods.
The final project uses data from the US Environmental Protection Agency to forecast global sea levels up to 2050 using a standard linear regression model. This was my favorite of all projects, as it provides great insight into the state of today's sea levels, and how sea levels are rising at an increased rate as compared to the past.
I would like to thank freeCodeCamp for providing great instructional courses and projects that allow me and thousands of others to learn more about programming topics for free.
